## OpenAM Key Benefits

The goal of OpenAM is to provide secure, low friction access to valued resources while presenting the user with a consistent experience. OpenAM provides excellent security, which is totally transparent to the user.

OpenAM provides the following key benefits to your organization:

- Enables Solutions for Additional Revenue Streams. OpenAM provides the tools and components to quickly deploy services to meet customer demand. For example, OpenAM's Federation Services supports quick and easy deployment with existing SAMLv2, OAuth2, and OpenID Connect systems. For systems that do not support a full SAMLv2 deployment, OpenAM provides a Fedlet, a small SAML 2.0 application, which lets service providers quickly add SAML 2.0 support to their Java or .NET applications. These solutions open up new possibilities for additional revenue streams.
- Reduces Operational Cost and Complexity. OpenAM can function as a hub, leveraging existing identity infrastructures and providing multiple integration paths using its authentication, SSO, and policies to your applications without the complexity of sharing Web access tools and passwords for data exchange. OpenAM decreases the total cost of ownership (TCO) through its operational efficiencies, rapid time-to-market, and high scalability to meet the demands of our market.
- Improves User Experience. OpenAM enables users to experience more services using SSO without the need of multiple passwords.
- Easier Configuration and Management. OpenAM centralizes the configuration and management of your access management system, allowing easier administration through its console and command-line tools. OpenAM also features a flexible deployment architecture that unifies services through its modular and embeddable components. OpenAM provides a common REST framework and common user interface (UI) model, providing scalable solutions as your customer base increases to the hundreds of millions. OpenAM also allows enterprises to outsource IAM services to system integrators and partners.
- Increased Compliance. OpenAM provides an extensive entitlements service, featuring attribute-based access control (ABAC) policies as its main policy framework with features like import/export support to XACML, a policy editor, and REST endpoints for policy management. OpenAM also includes an extensive auditing service to monitor access according to regulatory compliance standards. 
